One of the best advantages that I took advantage of while I was in college
and in the ROTC program was studying abroad.   I studied abroad
twice.  I did once in London for a summer program, so two months and
then I did once a full semester in South Africa Cape Town and so that
was six months over there. And while you go to school you're gonna
learn a lot about yourself but once you start traveling, for me personally,
I was really able to like find my strengths and weaknesses
like find what I really like to what I didn't like and I like kind
of found this new energy and like this new love for, for, life and
for culture and for trying new things and so I highly highly recommend
studying abroad.